# wdi-10-Project-2-Bookshelves

## What is Bookshelves?
Bookshelves allows readers to organize their current, future and past reads! They will also be able to create and manage their own bookclubs to connect and share new adventures on the page. 

## Why Bookshelves?
With so many great books out there it's hard to keep track of them all, and in the digital age it can be difficult to find someone who's interested in the same book as you. Bookshelves provides readers with a quick and efficient way to track what they're currently reading, have read, and would like to read all in one place - much like a book shelf in your house (but better organized...). Plus you can discover new books, created custom shelves based on your interests and connect with other readers through bookclubs. 

## User Stories
The user should be able to...
* Create a profile
* Update their profile
* Remove their profile	
* Search for books
* Create bookshelves
* Save books to their bookshelves
* edit/rearrange books in bookshelves
* Search through their bookshelves
* Discover other peoples' shelves
* Create a bookclub
* Add books to the bookclub
* Add other readers to the bookclub
* Communicate with other bookclub members
* Rate books

## Technologies Used
JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Node.js, Express, MongoDB, Gulp, HTML5, Google Book API
 
## For Install
Run npm install to get node packages. Then run nodemon, mongod in the terminal.
Go to your localhost to see page.

## Inspired By
All the books in my house. Too many books.

## Contributors
Charles McGregory and Kait Mikitin

## Future Versions
There were a lot of things we wanted to do, but didn't get to:
* Suggested Reads in the User profile, generated by our own algorithm. 
* Users should be able to make bookclubs, where they can create their own bookshelf for the club and discuss the books that they've read
* Bookshelves will be discoverable outside of a user profile (if it's a public shelf), so eventually people who aren't signed up for the site would be able to 'browse the shelves' and decide if they want to join
* Create an account button on the homepage
* Allow users to create shelves, add and remove books from shelves (seperate from their Google account)

